1. A description of the problem and a discussion of the background. (15 marks)
	Phillz Coffee is looking to add a new location in San Francisco, but they aren't sure where to put it. Using the FourSquare API, I can find the optimal position for a new coffee shop based on locations of existing coffee shops and density of other venues. Ideally, a new shop would be in a place that doesn't already have another shop to compete with nearby, but has a high density of other venues which would indicate high traffic and thereby more customers.
2. A description of the data and how it will be used to solve the problem. (15 marks)
	 I will first create a grid of locations to use as test locations (this can be any arbitrary collection of points, but for the sake of simplicity in my example, I choose a 5x5 evenly-spaced grid of points, with the central point coinciding with the listed latitude and longitude for San Francisco). For each test location, I will determine its distance from the nearest coffee shop, as well as its distance from its 10th closest venue to approximate the inverse density of venues about that location. Then, for each test location, I will calculate a z-score for its distance from the nearest coffee shop and distance from 10th closest venue. Since high distance from the nearest coffee shop is desirable, and low distance from 10th closest venue is desirable, I will subtract the z score of the latter from the former (z_coffee - z_10th_closest) to measure how fit a location is for a new coffee shop.
	The parameters of this model are highly flexible, from the density and reach of the test location grid, to the venue type, to the density metric, to the weighting of importance between venue density and coffee shop sparsity, and more if one's business needs required it.
To visualize the result, I will create a Folium map and color each test location point on a scale from red (bad spot for coffee shop) to green (good spot for coffee shop). To determine the hue, I'll use the combined scores for the two variables z_coffee and z_10th_closest as mentioned above and use the distribution of scores to assign each point a color on the distribution of (r, g, b) values from (255, 0, 0) to (0, 255, 0).
